This is the last time.
If it fails again this time
There is no chance of a comeback
Dream dream slow down
Why are you in such a hurry?
You come with me!
I want to show you something
What's that?
You will know when you come with me.
Bring the bodyguard too
The more, the better.
Wanted criminal Li Yangchen
How dare you sneak into our Su family wedding quietly
No way I hid it so well.
How did you find out?
It doesn't matter how we found out
The important thing is that the French Open is restored
Say it without leaking
Mom, come here
Ah address
Bomb Mom, this is all Li Yangchen's plan
Time is running out
Evacuate the crowd quickly
Manager Ma, I order you
Evacuate all hotel personnel within 5 minutes
If you can't
Only you ask